Y
my name is artemio gonzález and the
project consists of a hatchery
wild boar very few those who
dedicate to their upbringing and you have to
keep it has a very high cost of
these moments I have average for less
of 70 boars between adults and pups
well, they are omnivorous
main food consists of
fruits vegetables
and also as protein meats whether they're
wild as rabbits partridge hares
and all that
meat that I will find it in the
mountain today I have boars for
see for sales in breeding males
we have the smallest from 2 kilos
even the biggest you can
express about 100 kilos good those that
I already have the sale are average of
the 4 years very well raised that if I have
conserved to me worried me
personally from your food both
hygiene and should consist of
have fresh water every day and
also the care that we achieve
leave the premises and cause damage in the
properties of neighboring neighbors and
for that I have put bows can go
electrical all that is perimeter be
and how do I give back that is fresh water
I have water practically all day with
running water from the deep well
this one that was no longer located in the
sector the nastic chamuco as a
vehicle in the region
8 kilometers from the box
about 15 from a thousand courses already
adjoining with inia carillanca I am very
proud of this true which has
given excellent results of
maintenance of the specimens and
I start all those who are
interested in knowing them and visit me
I am always available on my page
two thousand phones that are contacted leave
the open invitation whether it's colleges
private universities people of
government that is interested in knowing
the species from Jabal irlos and
I invite everyone and every person who is
interested either families to know
how they are raised have the face and be very
well attended and welcomed here in this
I will show you all my
facilities without
without any restrictions